there are now over 6.8 billion people on
the planet and we produce enough food to
feed everyone despite that more than a
billion people go hungry every day by
2050 the world population is predicted
to rise to a staggering nine billion
without any more farmland or fresh water
how on earth are we going to feed these
extra 2.2 billion people were still with
so much demand for food prices will rise
in a globalized food market it will be
even harder for the poor to get their
share imagine a world where only the
richest fifty percent could afford to
put enough food on the table would you
be one of the lucky ones
what if I told you you could do
something to prevent this tragedy would
you do it something easy that could also
save you money and improve your health
would you do it what if I said that
thing was giving up meat well don't
panic that's not what I'm asking you to
do you see some people will tell you
that you should stop eating meat
altogether but let's be realistic we
don't all want to be vegetarians we can
however all be part-time carnivores so
how will eating less meat prevent a
global famine by choosing to eat so much
meat we are already pushing up food
prices and reducing the amount of food
that is available for people the meat
you eat requires far more land water and
energy to produce than veg so if we all
eat a bit less meat we can feed a lot
more people so take your pick from the
part-time carnival options sign up and
see how much difference you and all the
other part-time carnivores can make
thank you
you